If you are knowledgeable, get out of here, Mr. Han
This is
He is my name is Xiao Wuji
It's Mu Yan's friend
Miss Zhao really makes friends widely.
I know all kinds of Abaoakou
Mu Yan really likes to make friends
Otherwise, how would I know you, this dog?
Little Wu Qi, stop talking wildly
This is our production director of Star Entertainment
Zhou Duoyu Zhou always offended him
I won't have your good fruit to eat
Mr. Lan, don't worry.
As a mid-level leader of Star Entertainment
You won't have the same knowledge as such a low-level bitch
Haha production director
So majestic
It's Wu Tengyu in front of me
Don't dare to talk to me like that boss
How dare you keep moving towards us
A lowly worker like you
Of course not knowing our relationship
It's Wu Tengyu in front of me
Only kneeling armrests
If your words reach the ears of our Wu Dong
You will have no place in Beihai anymore
Just rely on him Wu Tengyu hey
Do you really want to try the consequences of offending Wu Dong?
Enough Xiao Wuji
You know that
Muyan signed a contract with Tianxin Entertainment
How important is it to him?
But here he is facing Mr. Zhou head-on
Do you have to mess things up to be reconciled?
It won't be yellow
It's me who made the sycamore rain
Looking for Mu Yan to sign a contract
What a joke!
I don't even have decent clothes
He even said he could face us dancing
Hahaha, the relationship between the real superiors
How can you, a low-level employee, see it?
Let go of what's going on inside me
What is Wu Yan doing inside?
Mr. Shen and Miss Zhao have something important to do inside
How can a pariah like you disturb
No one will stop you
Here I come, mother and baby.